<!---
channel: frontendchanges
release: 'Sprint 28'
permissions:
    - public
contributors:
    - 'Bertrand Chevrier'
    - 'Christophe Noel'
    - 'Ivan Klimchuk'
    - 'Jean-Sébastien Conan'
    - 'Oleg Hutnikau'
--->

`qtip2` is now  used as  tooltip library

You may find comprehensive documentation here:
<http://qtip2.com/options> 

Tooltip module name is `ui/tooltip`. Make sure you require this module before using.


Tooltops can be created in two ways:

1 - Direct call of `qtip()` on element:

```
$('.selector').qtip({
    content: {
        text: 'I will be added to elements with .selector class'
    }
});
```

2 - Use a function that returns the `ui/tooltip` module

```
define(['ui/tooltip'], function(tooltip) {
    ...
    tooltip($('.container-selector'));
    ...
});
```

The `tooltip()` function will find all elements inside a container passed as first parameter with the `data-tooltip` attribute and initialize tooltip on them (in the same way it works before with the old tooltip library).

```
&lt;div class='container-selector'&gt;
	&lt;span data-tooltip="~ .tooltip-content:first" data-tooltip-theme="info"&gt;I'm tooltipstered element&lt;/span&gt;
	&lt;div class="tooltip-content"&gt;
	    &lt;b&gt;Strong text&lt;/b&gt;
	    &lt;i&gt;Html elemets can be used inside tooltip.&lt;/i&gt;
	&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
```

To simplify tooltip theming I have created aliases for them. They can be specified using the `theme` option:

```
$elt.qtip({
    theme : 'danger',
    content: {
        text: "I'm danger tooltip !"
    }
});
```

Possible theme values:
'dark', 'default', 'info', 'warning', 'error', 'success', 'danger'

---

The new test runner now can react to disconnection through two new events: `disconnect` and `reconnect`. It also manages a new runner state: `disconnected`.

The new test runner now handles persistent states through two new methods:
`getPersistentState(state)` and `setPersistentState(state, active)`.
Note: `setPersistentState` returns a promise as the storage may be asynchronous.

A new life cycle step has been added to the new test runner: `flush`. This step is reached before the runner is destroyed in order to flush the test context, by example by sending the test variables. If the test is terminated, the flush step occurs before the runner requests the server to close the test, so the server can handle the storage without worrying about test session access.

---

- `ui/interactUtils`: helper for interact library. Contains functions that are commonly bound to dragstart and dragend events and a trigger for the tap event
- associate &amp; order interactions: platform option to enable drag &amp; drop behaviour on top of current Point &amp; Click behaviour

---

In the new test runner, you can now provide extra parameters to the `init` request, by calling the proxy's method `addCallActionParams(params)`

in `core/plugin`: the `install` method is now a part of the life cycle and is not automatically called when the plugin is bound to its host. You need to call it explicitly.

---

`core/ui/feedback`: added new type of messages - `danger`, that should be used for notices, that more stronger than warnings. Also it not triggers any error events (in error processing stack)

---

`core/cachedStore`: a store that buffers the data in memory to offer faster access, and synchronises each change with the browser storage.

---

`core/delegator` : Add a `wrapper` option
