<!---
channel: frontendchanges
release: 'Sprint 19'
permissions:
    - public
contributors:
    - 'Bertrand Chevrier'
    - 'Dieter Raber'
    - 'Jean-Sébastien Conan'
    - 'Sam Sipasseuth'
--->

localForage (offline storage)

performance.now polyfill

core/timer

core/logger

---

ui/datalist: display a list of selectable labels. Use the same style as ui/datatable. Toolbars  and per-line actions are also supported.

---

core/logger

---

Working on a way to use svg instead of icon fonts. This works to some extend but is still unstable and limited in scope.

---

`core/mimetype#getResourceType` : HEAD a resource to retrieve it's mime type. See <https://github.com/oat-sa/tao-core/pull/661>

---

- ui/bulkActionPopup: display a popup to let the user verify the list of resources that are going to be affected by a bulk action and optionally define a reason for that action. It contains also a cascading combobox to enable selecting categories/subcategories of reasons. 
Side note : the cascading combobox may be isolated in the future if need be.

---

- modal dialog component:
  + ui/dialog: display a modal dialog with a message and a list of buttons (each buttons trigger an event)
  + ui/dialog/alert: display a simple alert message, with a unique OK button
  + ui/dialog/confirm: display a simple confirm message, with a couple of buttons: ok, cancel

- polling component: executes an action every period of time, each scheduling is made once the previous one is completely done (uses promises). The polling can be paused/resumed, or the next scheduling forced to be ran immediately.

- datatable: the transform callbacks assigned to model definitions can now access to the dataset since the current row is provided as argument

---

- BrowserAppender
 - new tooltip (if merged)

---

- preview now supports custom buttons similar to the test environment

---

 - `ui/datatable` got a lifting 
- `ui/component` to help you define new components the right way. 
- `ui/listbox` is a new component and uses the component interface above
- `ui/breadcrumb` is a new component and uses the component interface above
- `core/eventifier` is now in develop so you can wrap behavior around events (before and after)
- `core/historyRouter` a client side router that works with the browser history 
- The preview has now also an action bar that uses the same interface than the test runner
